hello welcome to gardening 101 with dr.
greenthumb
today we're gonna be talking about how
to grow hydrangea so if your in zone 7 I
mean hydrangea is pretty much a standard
and are stable for every backyard garden
because it's just it's so tolerant of of
the conditions and it just makes such
beautiful blooms this guy's been here
almost 10 years and he just keeps coming
back bigger and bigger and bigger every
year
I mean of course as long as you take
care of them and that's what we're gonna
do so as we're getting into the summer
you just want to make sure and
double-check the soil at the bottom and
check and make sure there's no weeds and
just kind of give it a nice break and
work in some soil and I think we may
even add some straw at some point in the
summer because this can get pretty dry
this area does take a lot of heat summer
we got some worms here as you get to see
we got some worms here so soil can't be
all that bad
but yeah I mean this is pretty this is
pretty good and I mean a couple things
you may want to do is just some light
pruning in general you want to wait
until after it blooms but if you're
trying to shape the plant and if you're
trying to encourage growth it's okay to
actually give a little cut it's
definitely okay to just give a little
cut and just encourage some of those
other blooms I like to shape the plants
and this I I mean I love that I love the
flowers but it does get in the way of
the mower so they're gonna cut those off
and just give a little cut and you want
you want to basically you want to leave
those two set of leaves so that's what
you're gonna want to make your cut like
you know about an inch of a pinch an
inch of the the set of growth a set of
leaves and yeah so that now now this
keeps out of the way a lawnmower and
that won't get in the way so everybody's
happy
but yeah hydrangea so simple in general
I'm gonna let this guy grow and he'll
he'll reach the top of the garage in a
couple of years and as long as I just as
long as I just give him a little prune
get a little prune and just kind of just
control so yeah you just wanna cut like
about an inch above the leaves and it'll
keep growing and growing and growing and
you'll have a beautiful hydrangea for
years to come happy gardening